Oh fortuitous days! New clouds are born
Enjoy the clouds today...
Wow! New clouds dropped:
Don't want this email? Here, have clouds instead:
Feeling blue? Have some clouds!
Clouds? Clouds.
Free clouds, see attached
Isn't the sky nice and blue today?
Boost your mood, enjoy some clouds!
I hope your day is going well! Have some clouds on us!
Wow the cwouds awe so bwight today, i hope uwu enjoy thewm teehee
Clouds?
CLLLOOOUUUUDDDDDDDDDDSSSSSSS
Today we have sent you a picture of the sky containing, you guessed it, clouds!
Clouds can be ominous. Just like death :)
The image below shows your future, I hope you don't get clouds, that means death!
The image below shows your future, I hope you get clouds, that means happiness is iminent!
!sduolc sdrawkcaB
If you flip the image of clouds below, it will still be clouds!
Fun fact: Clouds come in many different shapes and forms. What shape do you think this one is?
See attached.
Your daily cloud, emailed to you personally!
I hate my job sending these emails please unsubscribe
Have you had your inner health plus today? If not, these clouds are a happy substitute!
Hotel? Trivago. Email? Clouds.
Break up the flow of work with some clouds
I hope this email finds you well. Please see attached the good as discussed.
Terms and Conditions apply
Please find the encrypted message below:
No need to go outside today! Here's all the outside cloud exposure you need!
I hope your pets love you as much as I love emailing about clouds!
PRECIPITATE MORTAL.
*Image below may contain clouds
Looking at clouds has been scientifically proven
These clouds are numbus'
These clouds are cirrus'
These clouds are stratus'
There clouds are cumulus'
Rain will eventually come, but before it does, we must admire what it was. Clouds!
If I ever forget to attach an image of clouds, please do not hesitate to not respond :)
According to all known laws of aviation, clouds do not defy any laws of physics.
May this image bring out the best in you.
>.<
Please do not reply to this email.
I found today's image to be particularly calming, what do you think?
Please call me back Stacy.
The earth's atmosphere is a very cloudy place. Do you think more or less cloudy than the image we have below?
Clouds can also be made of other chemicals, but these clouds are more dependant on your monitor
Call your mother, it would make her day!
I am pleased to call you a friend. Enjoy these clouds I drew up for you!
Venus has thick clouds of sulfur-dioxide! These ones are earth-clouds though!
Congratulations! You are the Xth viewer of these clouds!
I hope you start seeing peaceful clouds in your dreams
Another day, another set of clouds
Brought to you by: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMU0tzLwhbE
Kind regards,
Happy Valentines day (The odds of you getting this on valentines day are statistically very low!)
These clouds are unique to you and the other few people crazy enough to still be subscribed to this cloud service!
I respect you. Look up at the clouds. You got this!
I hope today hasn't been too stressful. Have some clouds!
The next email from us will contain even more clouds. Be patient.
Music not included, but we cannot help but recommend up and comer Bediquette!
Making clouds can be both a good and bad thing, but we promise these ones are good:
<Insert Text Here>
If you check your emails on your phone, you can enjoy clouds on the go!
You wouldn't need this service if you just went outside once in awhile, y'know?
The image below is computer generated today, we weren't able to get out due to personal reasons. Real cloud images will resume promptly.
Nice
Hope the weather outside is as beautiful as this image!
Make sure to drink plenty of water today!
Did you get 8 hours sleep today? Hopefully these clouds will get you through to the evening!
Look forward to tomorrow! There will be more clouds!
These clouds were spotted in Reykjavik!
There is mathematical beauty in these clouds, but they're also just pretty!
Life is what you make of it! Enjoy these clouds, a gift from us to you!
Brandon can you fix the toaster please?
This email was not proofread so there may be a spelling misatke or two, not quite sure. Do let us know as we had to let the editor go due to lack of subscriptions. 
Do you know how many developers worked to get you this image of clouds? Neither do we. 
Statistically speaking, today is not a Wednesday! Even if it is, enjoy these clouds!
Sir, we ask that you at least wear some pants today.
Clouds just dropped, enjoy friend!
I got you some clouds. Again. Sorry.
Cloudy days, rainy days, it does not matter! Enjoy these beautiful puffs of chemicals!
We hope you enjoy these clouds as much as we enjoyed making them!
If you have issues with the attached clouds, please contact someone else but us. We hate doing things.
Cloud Bot #44 reporting for duty. Enjoy these clouds, human.
Today I am writing this to you personally to -pleasegetmeoutofheretheyhavemykids- ensure you enjoy our quality product of clouds!
I slept on the job so no creative messages today. Clouds:
If we get enough requests, we will start sending stars instead!
cloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloudcloud
Pour vous, Monsieur/Mademoiselle
These clouds are younger than the clouds from yesterday, and older than the clouds to be born tomorrow!
8008135
Clouds built for you, designed by us
Clouds are the most gorgeous fractals in the universe
This program was designed for the benefit of those who are seeking further joy in their life. How can you not look at these clouds?
Please ensure we are not on your spam list, or sent to your junk folder!
Character arc: Cloud edition